DAN: They came out of nowhere, launching a sneak attack.
Before we knew it, the Vestal people had conquered
New Vestroia and captured all the Bakugan.
But nobody messes with our friends!
So Drago and I teamed up with Mira,
leader of the Bakugan Battle Brawler Resistance
to battle the Vexos.
They weren't so tough.
Drago and I took them down, no sweat...
And we're just getting started!
Bakugan Brawl!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
MIRA: We should leave before they come back
with reinforcements.
Well? Climb on.
As if!
The way you drive?
Oh, well, if you're scared you can just walk.
Well?
HYDRON: Intriguing...
So you're sure you've found the last
of the six fighting Bakugan?
SPECTRA: Yes.
It seems that the beast has joined forces
with the Bakugan Brawler Resistance.
That's good...
I'd hate to take him down...
without a fight.
Crush the Resistance and bring the dragonoid to me.
[\u266a]
I want to complete my collection.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in...
JULIE: Have no fear, Julie's here to take your order!
MAN: How about an orange soda?
MAN: No! Take my order first, Julie!
JULIE: Don't fight guys...
I'll get to all of you!
Whoa!
Stop playing around and take some orders!
Unlike some people...
I know how to have fun and work at the same time.
[SCREAMING]
I know how to have fun!
Oh yeah... you're a laugh riot!
I'll fight anyone who says I'm not fun!
Thank you... Sorry about the bruises...
Is it safe to come out yet?
Hey look!
I just got a postcard from Billy.
Really? How's he doing?
He's traveling the world to learn from the greatest
athletes he can find...
He's in Spain right now.
[laughs]
Ole!
Whoa!
JULIE: I bet he's an awesome bullfighter.
RUNO: Awesome?
Riiiiight.
Ole...
Oh right...
You haven't heard from Dan lately have you?
Who cares about Dan?
If he wants to ditch us and run off with Drago...
Well that's fine by me...
Just be careful, Dan.
[Dan sneezes]
If you're going to sneeze...
Try not to do it on my jacket.
Actually... It's all over me.
[laughs] Sorry buddy.
Hey Mira.
Aren't you a Vestal
just like those Lync and Volt dudes?
I may be a Vestal but I'm not like them.
So that's why you lead the Bakugan Brawler Resistance?
Sort of...
It's a long story but I guess it's important
for you to know exactly what happened.
You might not believe it but one day Bakugan cards fell
from the sky, as if by magic.
And from them came the Bakugan themselves.
The same thing happened to us!
MIRA: Yes.
When Dr. Michaels' dimension transporter malfunctioned
it created a rift.
MARUCHO: Looks like you were connected to Vestroia
just like we were.
Our world was too crowded.
So when our King discovered New Vestroia,
he conquered the planet and colonized it
with our overflowing population.
Once the invasion was over we built Bakugan Battle Arenas
in our cities.
We were eager to play with our powerful, new \"pets\".
[crowd cheering]
[roar]
[loud explosion]
ANNOUNCER: And the winner is...
Spectraaaaa!
[cheering]
MIRA: Everyone went crazy
for the thrilling Bakugan Battles.
Tickets sold like wildfire.
You couldn't get one now if you tried.
DRAGO: Hmmph...
You treat us like circus animals.
The Bakugan were living in peace
when you Vestals attacked.
Now they're enslaved and forced to battle
for the amusement
of the Vestal people.
How can you be so cruel?
We didn't know.
The people have never been told
the Bakugan are intelligent creatures.
So your people think the Bakugan
are like pets who do tricks for them?
Yes...
And so did I until the day I discovered the truth.
You guys wouldn't want to keep me out would you?
You're Professor Clay's daughter!
Sorry, ma'am!
Hang on...
I'll get Professor Clay on the line.
Please don't.
I want to surprise him.
That's okay, right?
Oh sure! Fine by us!
She's so cooool.
Whoa! what was that?
Mira, wait!
[loud roar]
Father, what are you doing here?
I'm going to have to ask you to leave, Miss Mira...
This way...
Hey! Hey!
Can't you keep him quiet?
[loud roar]
[\u266a]
Do your worst, destroyer.
We will never give!
That Bakugan...
It spoke!
MIRA: It's not right, Father.
You said we were colonizing an uninhabited world
but that's not true.
We're the invaders, aren't we?
Well, aren't you going to say anything?
This is not your concern, Mira.
Father!
My father didn't even care.
But I did.
I was alone.
But someone needed to help the Bakugan.
Now.
So I got together with people
who felt the same way I did.
We started the Bakugan Brawler Resistance
and we've been fighting to free your Bakugan friends
ever since.
But the Vexos champions are strong.
Volt Luster is their top Haos brawler.
Gus Grav is a weasel, but a powerful Subterra Brawler.
Mylene Farrow is the leading Aquos Brawler.
She's devious.
You've met Lync Volan, the top Ventos Brawler.
He'll do anything to win.
Shadow Prove is the top Darkus Brawler.
He's brutal and cruel.
And the most deadly of all, Spectra Phantom,
number one Pyrus Brawler.
The six Vexos are champions of all six Bakugan attributes...
They're stronger than us.
It must be hard to fight...
your own people.
I'm glad to hear there is honour
among some of the Vestals.
That means a lot...
Coming from you...
We're almost there!
DAN AND RUNO: Where?
Straight ahead!
Whoa!
So cool!
DAN: Stay tuned for more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
DAN: Welcome back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Welcome back! [laughs]
Look out! Whoa!
Hello Baron...
Let me introduce you to our guests.
The masters!
M-m-masters?
I think he fell on his head.
I know exactly who you are.
Dan Kuso and Marucho Marukura.
Bakugan Brawling Masters!
I'm Baron at your service!
Uh, hi Baron...
Pleased to meet you, I think.
The pleasure is all mine!
I've never seen anyone so happy.
And you must be Master Drago!
That's me.
I can't believe I embarrassed myself
in front of the greatest Bakugan in the universe!
You'll have to excuse Baron.
He's one of your biggest fans.
He knows all about how you saved Vestroia
and created New Vestroia.
He even has a poster of you up on his bedroom wall.
Sorry about that.
I guess I got carried away.
DAN: It's cool, man.
We get recognized all the time.
[angered growl]
Stick around and I'll show you
some of my battle strategy.
I think I'm might faint!
Great.
Like Dan's ego wasn't big enough before...
Some things never change.
So where is Ace?
He said he had something to take care of.
Up here!
MIRA: Ace!
Sooo sorry.
I didn't mean to interrupt your bragging.
What's your problem?
Get it together, Ace.
We've got company.
Yeah, smarten up.
Do you have any idea who these people are?
And they can go back where they came from.
We don't need their help.
We'll free the Bakugan alone.
Ace.
ACE: You disappoint me, Mira.
I thought you were a true Vestal warrior.
That you were gonna make a difference.
Now you invite a couple of Earth Dweebs
to join the Resistance?
You're just a star struck fan girl!
Watch it!
We won't walk away if the Bakugan need us.
Well said.
Too bad...
We don't need any of your help to rescue
all of the captured Bakugan.
This is none of your business so take your friend
and go home!
No, Ace.
To free the Bakugan we need all the help we can get.
We don't have time for one of your ego trips.
Just humour me...
The human should prove himself.
What do you say \"master\"?
Come on.
Beat Percival and you can join
the Bakugan Brawlers Resistance.
Whoa.
Drago!
I'm up for it.
Okay, Ace...
We'll take you on!
Why are those two battling each other?
They're on the same side.
I guess they just have to get it out of their system.
Yeah, before they destroy each other.
Now remember this, when the Bakugan Brawler Resistance
battle the Vexos, we're not just playing
at childish games...
We're fighting to free the Bakugan.
In order to get the stolen Bakugan back,
our power has to be at least 500 points
higher than our opponents'.
DAN: So that's why the Vexos' Bakugan returned to me
when I won.
So if I win, I take your Drago...
agreed?
That's fine by me as long as I get your Percival
when I beat you.
Are you scared?
Dream on.
There's no way that's gonna happen.
GAUNTLET: Gauntlet activated.
BOTH: Gauntlet... Power Strike!
Gate card... set!
Now let's see what you've got, oh great master!
Just don't say I didn't warn you.
You ready?
Always!
BOTH: Bakugan Brawl!
BOTH: Bakugan Stand!
[\u266a]
[scream]
Drago!
Lucky shot.
This isn't going to be much of a contest.
Look how high my power level is already.
It's my turn.
Gate card Set!
BOTH: Bakugan Brawl!
What do they think they're doing?
If they shoot at the same time,
then Drago will lose because his power level is lower!
DAN: Bakugan Stand!
Drago!
ACE: Bakugan Stand!
Percival!
Whoa, did you catch that curve?
Dan must have put some spin on the ball when he shot it.
Pretty proud of yourself, huh?
[laughs]
Laugh it up...
I'm just getting started!
GAUNTLET: Ability card, set.
ACE: Ability Activate!
Darkus Driver!
Not so fast!
Ability Activate!
Burning Dragon!
What happened?
GAUNTLET: Power level increase.
Snap!
His power's still higher than mine!
Dan, a little help please?
Okay! Gate Card open!
Pyrus Reactor!
GAUNTLET: Power level increase.
Ha!
Not finished yet!
Clever but not clever enough...
Let's go!
Ability Activate!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card Set.
ACE: Tri-Gunner!
[roar]
GAUNTLET: Power level increase.
Get ready...
Drago!
Ability Activate!
Burning Dragon!
[roar]
That's the third and final attack!
Their powers are even.
Think again.
Fusion Ability Activate!
Pyrus Slayer!
GAUNTLET: Drago power level increase.
No way!
He used a combination Fusion Ability?
I'll crush that!
Ability Activate!
Night Explorer!
GAUNTLET: Power level decrease.
No! It's not enough!
Now we're even.
How long can they keep this up?
They're evenly matched so it's anyone's guess.
Watch out...
Neither one is going to give in
so they could end up obliterating each other.
Gate Card Set!
Let's finish this, Percival.
Once and for all!
I'll show you power!
Are you ready to kick some Bakugan, Drago?
You can count on me, Dan!
Okay! Let's do it!
Bakugan Brawl!
Now!
Percival!
Dragoooo!
[roar]
GAUNTLET: Power levels equal.
How long can they keep this up?
Unbelievable!
Those two have been battling for over three hours.
This has gone too far.
Come on...
Bet you've had enough, haven't you?
Just give up!
Huh!
I'm just getting started!
Ready for another rumble?
Let's do it!
Let's finish them off.
You bet.
Bakugan...
Braaaaawwwl!
[screaming]
Dan! Ace!
[\u266a]
[groaning]
[laughing]
Man, you're off the rim!
Ha! And you're not?
You fought well, Percival.
We'll settle this another time, Drago.
After we get some rest.
[laughter]
Looks like we have two new members.
DAN: Dimension Controller? What's that?
There are three Dimensions: Alpha, Beta and Gamma...
Their power changed the Bakugan back into balls.
If we were to destroy those controllers,
would that change the Bakugan
back to their former selves?
It's worth trying.
Battling Vexos will only get us so far...
We need to hit them where it really, really hurts...
That's why we've gotta wipe out all three Controllers.
But Each of the Dimension Controllers
is in the center of a city.
So...
That means we have to hit the enemy in his lair.
What do you think Dan?
I couldn't agree with you more.
[loud gulp]
Sounds like my kind of mission!
Now that's the stuff.
I'm in!
Gotta love a guy who doesn't over think things.
Brace yourself everyone.
We're taking off!
What's going on around here?
An earthquake?
Next stop, Alpha!
DAN: No way! This building is on the move?
MARUCHO: Do all the buildings move?
Must make it hard for the mailman to find your address.
Relax.
The base turns into a tank.
This is off the chain.
I think you'll like our technology.
Even someone as slow as Dan can operate it!
Alright!
This just keeps getting better and better!
Right Marucho! Some kind of hero you are!
Whoooaah! Let me down! I'm afraid of heights!
I mean it, Dan. I might drool on you!
Seriously, I'm getting airsick!
THINKING: Dan and Marucho are always there for each other.
Like brothers.
We're going... Vexos hunting!
with my heroes Master Dan and Master Marucho!
Those Vexos don't stand a chance
against Dan and Drago.
But that doesn't stop Shadow Prove
from trying to take us down.
I'm pretty sure I can take him.
Then again, maybe not.
He's pretty tough.
Check out \"Get Psyched!\"
next time on Bakugan Battle Brawlers New Vestroia!
You don't want to miss this!
Bakugan Brawl!